i don't believe in monsters
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will discuss a thriller about a group of
teenagers who find a mysterious egg on
the beach
when it hatches on the next day it turns
into a terrifying monster
can they survive from the monsters let's
see the entire storyline of the sand
the sand begins by showing a view of a
beautiful beach there was a group of
teenagers who were seen partying on the
beach at night
in the middle of the party a boy made a
rule where everyone at the party
was not allowed to use cell phones of
all so he collected all their cell
phones
and put them in the trunk of the car not
long after that two boys carried a large
lump filled with mucus
it looks like an alien egg the boys said
that the strange object was found not
far from the beach
unbeknownst to them this strange object
will bring havoc when the sun rises the
next day
the morning is approaching a girl named
kaylee wakes up
not long after a boy named mitch also
woke up from his sleep
kaylee and mitch are at the lifeguard's
house meanwhile their friends were seen
fast asleep in the car
there kaylee saw her boyfriend jonah
sleeping with kaylee's best friend
chanda kaylee couldn't believe that
jonah had an affair with shonda
a guy named vance and his girlfriend
ronnie wake up in the back seat
while marsha wakes up on a beach chair
kaylee saw a seabird looking for food
until suddenly the bird was sucked into
the sand
marsha who was still sleepy tried to get
out of the chair
kaylee immediately shouted asking her to
stay away from the beach sand
but marsha had already stepped on the
sand until her feet suddenly felt heavy
it was as if a magnet was pulling her
into the sand everyone was so panicked
seeing marsha's condition
at that time vance tried to help marcia
quickly he jumped out of the car but
suddenly his legs felt heavy until he
was sucked in by the sand too
vance's face which was facing the sand
began to be gnawed by something until
his face was torn and bleeding
it wasn't long before vance and marsha
sank and disappeared
they were shocked that they would lose
two of their friends that morning
they planned to call the police station
but they just realized that their cell
phone is in the car's trunk
mitch who had the idea of collecting
cell phones was blamed
moreover it turned out that they
secretly entered the beach which was not
actually open
because the sea water was polluted jonah
who was in the car
tried to start the engine but it turned
out that the car battery was dry
and he forgot to replace it before
leaving for the beach the car was not
able to run at all
kaylee curious about the creature in the
sand finally used her hands to lure the
creature out
sure enough the strange creature was
shaped like hair and looked very thin
a friend of theirs named gilbert just
woke up from his sleep and was trapped
in a trash can
gilbert tried to get out of the trash
can by shaking the barrel constantly
his friends immediately shouted for him
not to move at all
gilbert finally fell silent after being
told that there was something in the
sand
he was also so shocked when he found out
that two of his friends had died from
being sucked up by the sand on the beach
gilbert finally had to endure and stay
in that trash can
they began to despair and only hoped
that someone would come to help them
ronnie who lost her boyfriend writes a
letter to her mother without food and no
drink they can only wait for something
uncertain
then they realized that the people who
attended last night's party were gone
and drowned in the beach sand in other
words there are only six of them left on
this beach
not far away kaylee saw that the large
boulder that had been found last night
had been torn apart ronnie also realized
that the large lump looked like a newly
hatched egg
they believed that the strange creature
under the sand most likely came from the
giant egg
jonah then had the idea to take the
things that were in marsha's bag
in the back of the car there are two
surfboards that jonah can use to walk
he put the surfboards one by one to step
as he approached the chair
the surfboard that jonah was stepping on
shifted and moved further away
jonah tried to keep his body from
touching the sand at all but the monster
instead
came out of the beach sand and touched
jonah's stomach
luckily he survived and managed to jump
into a chair
but his stomach was injured because it
was bitten by the monster
jonah looks like a poison person trying
hard to endure the pain
he said his stomach felt like he had
been stung by thousands of jellyfish
while taking the pain jonah opened the
contents of marsha's bag
and found some canned drinks one by one
his friends were thrown drinking water
by jonah
as he threw the drink at mitch
unexpectedly the edge of the wooden
handle beside him bumped and almost fell
off
jonah's stomach wound was getting worse
and festering jonah who was in pain
could only lie on the chair the five of
them were increasingly confused how they
could survive on the beach
they had to take the cell phone which
was in the trunk of the car ronnie also
plans to open the trunk while stepping
on the bumper of the car
but when the trunk started to open
suddenly there was a patrol car honking
non-stop
ronnie suddenly slipped until her right
finger caught in the trunk of the car
the man is a lifeguard
he asked exactly what kaylee and her
friends were doing on this closed beach
kaylee tells if there is something under
the sand of the speech the disbelieving
coast guard immediately got out of the
car
surprisingly the monster that was in the
sand couldn't hurt the man's leg
they were confused how the man walked
without getting hurt at all
as it turned out the leather shoes he
was wearing protected the man from
monster
the coast guard told kaylee and mitch to
come down to him but they both clearly
didn't want to
the coast guard got angry and threatened
to spray them with pepper spray
unfortunately the man's car key fell on
the sand he took his car keys but his
hands immediately felt heavy
and he could not move at all his hands
began to be sucked into the sand
the lifeguard immediately sprayed the
monster that emerged from the sand with
pepper spray in his hand
unfortunately half of the coast guard's
arm had to be cut off and bleeding
profusely
he fell and was sucked into the sand the
incident made kaylee and her friends
realize that they had to put on their
shoes
and run away from the speech chanda then
threw her towel at mitch
but mitch fell due to the loose edge of
the wood mitch who was lying on the sand
began to be eaten away by the monster
his feet and hands began to slowly enter
the sand while his friends could only
watch without being able to do anything
in a state of panic kaylee suddenly has
a brilliant idea
she gave the ledge to chanda who was in
the car then kaylee jumped from a
lifeguard's house into the car
they then helped ronnie to release her
pinched finger ronnie's finger was
injured
and immediately wrapped in a thick towel
on the other hand the half of gilbert's
body that was pinched began to hurt and
bleed profusely
then kaylee and chanda put the wood down
to cross over to the chair where jonah
was
chanda slowly crossed while maintaining
her balance luckily she made it
then kaylee went across and made it
there but when it was ronnie's turn
she slipped and fell on the sand quickly
the collection of monsters sucked ronnie
into the sand
in addition without them realizing it
the monster was trying to get into the
trash can where gilbert was
chanda has the idea of going to the
patrol car using the way mitch had told
her earlier
she then wrapped her legs in a towel and
ran to the patrol car
amazingly she managed to do it but
gilbert couldn't stand it
slowly he spat out blood from his mouth
it turned out that the monster made a
hole
and entered through the bottom of the
trash can instantly gilbert was sucked
into the sand and disappeared
unfortunately chanda slipped and hit her
head until she was unconscious
now kaylee and jonah can only wait until
chanda wakes up from her stupor
night came chana who fainted finally
came to her senses and found a lifeboat
on top of the patrol car
without thinking chanda immediately
threw the lifeboat until it inflated
then she picked up kaylee and jonah
arriving at the car
jonah looks already seriously injured
suddenly from inside the sand
a giant monster came out shaped like the
tentacles of an octopus
the monster seemed to glow in the dark
the tentacles then began to attack
gayley
kelly finally got an idea she took a
tank filled with gasoline and splashed
it on the surface of the sand
this time she knew she had to destroy
the monster so by lighting the fire from
the match
the monster finally caught fire
fortunately kaylee managed to get into
the car
and was spared the terrible monsters
attack meanwhile
the injured jonah couldn't hold himself
back anymore he too
had to die kaylee kissed his hand one
last time
the next day a man suddenly peeks
through the car window and wakes them up
the man also seemed to be able to stand
on the sand without being bothered by
monster
finally kaylee and chanda got down and
stood on the sand
both are safe the film closes with a
scene of a group of monsters swimming
towards
another beach unfortunately the visitors
on the beach
will be the next victim subscribe for
more movie storyline videos
let's unpack it together
[Music]
you